switch to new agent image (#17)
beamer-bridge/run-your-own-agent: README.md

         tar xz -C data --strip-components=1 beamer-1.0.3/deployments
    ```

   The above command will download Beamer contracts' deployment information which the
   agent needs in order to run.

1. Copy your JSON keystore file to `data/account`.

### Mainnet configuration

1. Edit `data/agent-mainnet.conf` and make sure that the following keys have correct values:

    - `[account.path]` - the path to your JSON keystore file
    - `[account.password]` - the password to unlock your keystore file

>     - `[chains.l1.rpc-url]` - the RPC endpoint to use for mainnet Ethereum (e.g. `https://mainnet.infura.io/v3/ID`)

Reviewer: the key for l1 is now called `base-chain`

Reviewer 2: Then I think the `agent.conf.example` in the main beamer repo is also outdated.

    - `[chains.arbitrum.rpc-url]` - the RPC endpoint to use for mainnet Arbitrum (e.g. `https://arb1.arbitrum.io/rpc`)

>     - `[chains.optimism.rpc-url]` - the RPC endpoint to use for mainnet Optimism (e.g. `https://mainnet.optimism.io`)

Reviewer: would be nice to also add chains.ethereum...

   various configuration options, please refer to 
   [agent documentation](https://docs.beamerbridge.com/configuration.html).

### Testnet configuration

1. Similarly to the mainnet configuration, edit `data/agent-goerli.conf` and make
   sure that the following keys have correct values:

    - `[account.path]` - the path to your JSON keystore file
    - `[account.password]` - the password to unlock your keystore file

>     - `[chains.l1.rpc-url]` - the RPC endpoint to use for Goerli Ethereum

Reviewer: same as the above

1. For mainnet, run:

   ```

>    docker compose -f docker-compose-mainnet.yml up -d mainnet-agent

Reviewer: why do we add `mainnet-agent` here?

Reviewer 2: @compojoom ?

Reviewer 3: i can answer as service name is mainnet-agent in the docker-compose if we use this only agent runs and not health-check

For more information on running an agent and updating to new agent versions,
please refer to [documentation](https://docs.beamerbridge.com/running.html).

## Beamer health-check

The beamer executable includes a health-check command that can be used to
analyze the beamer contracts and also reports agent liquidity. The health-check command

> fetches all the event executed by the contracts and analyzes them to determine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fetches all the events emitted by the contracts and analyzes them to determine
```

The beamer executable includes a health-check command that can be used to
analyze the beamer contracts and also reports agent liquidity. The health-check command

> fetches all the events executed by the contracts and analyzes them to determine

Reviewer: nitpick: emitted is fitting better instead of executed
